A number of real-life applications involve the determination of scattered field of an unchanged large object and several varying small scatterers in its vicinity. Integral equation (IE) methods based on free-space Green’s function (FSGF) are usually applied to solve this problem. In this work, we propose an artificial neural network (ANN) accelerated numerical Green's function (NGF) to reduce the computational cost of conventional methods. For explicit demonstration, two-dimensional (2D) scattering from infinite cylinders is considered.Since the unchanged large object is considered as part of the background, the scattering of it is included in NGF. In our approach, its scattering is extracted via a FSGF scheme in order to exploit the regression ability of ANN efficiently. Then a dataset in possession of the scattering feature is constructed. By feeding ANN with part information of the dataset, ANN can be trained as a good representation of NGF, where only a small number of ANN parameters are computed and stored. Once the ANN accelerated NGF is obtained, the scattering analysis can be easily conducted with a small numerical system where the unknowns are only associated with small scatters.The combination of ANN and NGF assists us to construct a framework that can save the CPU time and memory usage in both on-line scattering solver and off-line NGF solver.
"HWQ_TrainRealNGF_202007.ipynb" and "HWQ_TrainImagNGF_202007.ipynb" use pytorch to train a fully-connected ANN for the real and imaginary part of NGF.
"trainGcalReal.csv", "testGcalReal.csv", "trainGcalImag.csv" and "testGcalImag.csv" are the training and testing dataset for real and imaginary part of NGF.
